[troubleshooting] (Cache) Suggest cache clearing as an overarching strategy (#2867)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/testing/troubleshoot-development-errors.md

---
title: Troubleshoot development errors with Office Add-ins
description: 'Learn how to troubleshoot development errors in Office Add-ins.'
ms.date: 08/09/2021
localization_priority: Normal
---

# Troubleshoot development errors with Office Add-ins

> Here is a list of common issues you may encounter while developing an Office Add-in. For further help with your specific scenario, please post your questions to [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/office-js) with the "office-js" tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a list of common issues you may encounter while developing an Office Add-in. For further help with your specific scenario, please post your questions to [Microsoft Q&A](https://docs.microsoft.com/answers/topics/office-js-dev.html) using the office-js-dev tag.
```

I recommend moving this to bottom of article as more of a "if all else fails reach out here" rather than encourage going straight to Q&A before looking at the troubleshooting that might help.

> [!TIP]

> > Clearing the Office cache often fixes issues related to stale code. This guarantees the latest manifest is uploaded, bringing the most recent file names, menu text, and other command elements. To learn more, see [Clear the Office cache](clear-cache.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Clearing the Office cache often fixes issues related to stale code. This guarantees the latest manifest is uploaded, using the current file names, menu text, and other command elements. To learn more, see [Clear the Office cache](clear-cache.md).
```
